Update user_attributes_object.md - adding note about EA (#4554)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/objects_filters/user_attributes_object.md

| phone | (string) |
| push_subscribe | (string) Available values are "opted_in" (explicitly registered to receive push messages), "unsubscribed" (explicitly opted out of push messages), and "subscribed" (neither opted in nor out).  |
| push_tokens | Array of objects with `app_id` and `token` string. You may optionally provide a `device_id` for the device this token is associated with, e.g., `[{"app_id": App Identifier, "token": "abcd", "device_id": "optional_field_value"}]`. If a `device_id` is not provided, one will be randomly generated. |

> | subscription_groups| Array of objects with `subscription_group_id` and `subscription_state` string, e.g. `[{"subscription_group_id" : "subscription_group_identifier", "subscription_state" : "subscribed"}]`. Available values for `subscription_state` are "subscribed" and "unsubscribed".<br>Using this endpoint to update a user's subscription group(s) is currently in early access. Contact your Braze customer success manager if you’re interested in participating in the early access.|

Reviewer: Just a minor edit, we don't use (s) to denote the possibility of it being plural because that isn't possible to translate. 
```suggestion
| subscription_groups| Array of objects with `subscription_group_id` and `subscription_state` string, e.g. `[{"subscription_group_id" : "subscription_group_identifier", "subscription_state" : "subscribed"}]`. Available values for `subscription_state` are "subscribed" and "unsubscribed".<br>Using this endpoint to update users' subscription groups is currently in early access. Contact your Braze customer success manager if you’re interested in participating in the early access.|
```
